Yes The app we introduce today is this Kinoshita app
That
It functions that yes bowling has been added
I do not doubt that the rise in the committee down a little playing Demi want and I would like to Hui showdown
The
Yes
It is black
I Teru name Toka lose not Once Tsu Hey, a woman confrontation ne
Usually 2 people with 0
Stop
2 members
Or let's have much between the hey let loose stools Renge Shokka
start
Well
The ball fly when you flick the ball up in the try this state you live your Saki Wave
I'm inclined to go straight and I don't care if I have a cold
It seems like it looks like a uni game
It's a day I like
What is 灘 and 灘
This is where you can challenge the position of this first ball here
That's why in this neighborhood
Is this possible? 9
There was a filler life
Form is I think a car that say One in
It is the turn of the blue ball It is beautiful like a high ball
eh
More than a nice color
Fore
acer eh ash red balls to say that what I Mori amazing to 4 Evo stripe me drive
It is the turn of
is not it
Fight 0 Nyaruko Makoto Do it
Happy
Peace suits with wages and novelty Yukiko
Do I hey So i garter I do not want to anger
It is for everyone to do it , but I'm blinding with the hand
Say while looking at the camera Well then memories scones go
Only the position of Don
Jean Gee Aan
You know you 're a gunner
I will take a spare with this one more time woman
Not large
Hmm
But i won
First there is a reason to raise cars 9
Losing Cha Yes Yes I feel like I 'm not going to bowl at the next meeting Izakaya of the first meeting
It will be exciting to play bowling with you
Yappa also during such time
It is a chance for men and women to come close
It seems Please try it by all means a skewer